Survival story
If you opened this with the hope of a good story, It won't be. (or will be)

This is a story about my university group. We had some very smart people in it,
so one day we were invited to a cool conference, where we had to discuss some technologies.
We were offered to go there by private plane, and we didn't refuse.

They told us to be ready at 10:25 a.m. the next day, we were happy and agreed to meet a little earlier the next
morning. During the night nobody was sleeping: we were chatting all night long, because everyone wanted to share
his/her own opinion about this trip, we had plenty of plans for this trip. So at 8 o'clock all of us were there.
In two hours we were picked up by a big multicolored bus. It turns out our flight was only in the evening, but we had
to buy some stuff for the conference. Soon we got to the mall and bought badges, a few things to change ours.
In a few hours, we were at the airport. We passed the check-in windows, dropped off our luggage, and were waiting
for the plane. Soon a voice from above said our flight number, we went out and saw our plane then got inside.

At first, everything was just fine, we spoke and told each other jokes, but suddenly we heard
some strange and loud sound from the cockpit.
- Guys, can you hear this sound?
Unfortunately, we could… None of us liked it, but we had to check out what had happened.
We've opened the door of the cockpit and saw a lot of shards of glass on the floor (half of the glass
was smashed into pieces). As I can remember, a flock of birds crashed into our plane. But we were truly scared
when we saw our pilot: his face looked like an egg that had just been thrown with all power of God
into a concrete wall. It was obvious that he wasn't able to land the plane, because of his death, maybe...
We clearly understood, we would have to do that, but how? We had no idea. One of us was trying to fly the plane
and contact the dispatcher, we were soon answered. She told us not to be scared and keep calm…
To my surprise, none of the guys panicked and some acted as nothing had happened.
She told us that we can land the plane in 20 minutes at the nearest airport.
We were listening to her instructions, but something inside me told me that it won't end well.

This something wasn't wrong, when the time to land had come we suddenly felt that the plane was being blown
away by a strong side wind, we didn't know what to do, dispatcher repeated "Don't panic, everything will be okay",
but it didn't help, we were falling to somewhere and felt devastation and fear inside us, you can
understand - falling of plane, you're flying on is not everyday routine. Communication with the dispatcher
began to interrupt. We realized we were left alone in the falling plane with no idea what to do next.
Our things began to fly chaotically around the cockpit. Then the plane shook violently, we all fell
to the floor, I fainted. That's all I can remember from flying.

When I woke up, it was already morning, I looked around: there was nothing, but the forest. I
 was lying between some branches on the grass, to my happiness, I got off with only scratches and bruises,
 my bones were intact, which I was incredibly happy about. I stood up, nobody was nearby me, so I decided
 to get as high as I only can to look around. I saw a rock 10-12 meters high and in 10 minutes was on it.
 Now I could see the landscape, but it didn't help, cause all I could see was the forest. I felt scared,
 I was in the middle of nowhere, alone, not knowing if someone else had survived after crashing, with no food or water,
 no stuff for surviving in the forest... So I got down I started to think about what to do next. My greatest decision
 was to find my group (I know it sounds obvious, but what should I do?) I remembered that a human can live without
 water for only a week, so I had to find a source of it (everyone from my group thought that way). I wandered
 around the area, the location of every tree and every stone had stacked inside my mind, but then I saw a strange
 object that was not part of the natural world. I ran up, it turned to be a small flat wreck of an aircraft,
 but not ours, this one was very old, covered in mud and of a completely different color.
 "We are not the first…" - that came to my mind.
I continued my life journey, but soon felt someone's gaze on me, an indescribable feeling of someone else's presence.
I quickened my pace, but then I realized that even if I ran, I could not get away, cuz there was nowhere to run: just
fields around, but staying put was also a bad idea, I guess, cuz this could be something material, not just my hunch.
That's why I hid and tried to figure out what's on my heels. After 20 minutes of waiting, I figured out, that there
was nothing strange or dangerous (or there was, but I just couldn't find it) and decided to move on. I had been
walking for 3 or 4 hours till I found a river, I have drunk a lot of water and took a breath. It was already noon, it was
necessary to set up a camp for the night, but I decided to follow the river for a bit,
because there was a little chance to find someone.

"lucky that now is summer" - I thought - "whether it is winter or autumn, I would have been frozen".
The river was winding and behind one of the bends I saw the wing, I had stared at all takeoff. One part of it
was in the water, and the second one was on the bank, I thought: "If there is a wing here, perhaps the remains of
the aircraft lie somewhere further", and I was right: after about a couple of kilometers, I saw the main part and
three little figures running around it.

When I ran closer I was able to discern who it was. Mark, Vadim, and Anna were trying to find useful stuff around
the plane, or at least what's left of it. There was no time hugging and asking questions, we were lost in taiga forest,
and not all the mates were here, so we picked food supplies, first aid kits, water and lots of different rags, on of it
was huge and started a fire, massive one, so its smoke could be seen from afar. Mark and Anna were busy with
the fire, they didn't have any matches or lighter, so I didn't know what they were trying to do, but Mark said that he
had an idea, and we could go. When I asked him about his idea he said: "You won't understand". Vadim and I went to
inspect the cabin, in it, we found ladders that almost worked, but they were useless (we couldn't take it off) the
main prey were the pneumatic rafts: it would be cold to sleep on the ground and the rafts could serve as mattresses.
The issue of food and water was resolved, it was necessary to make an overnight stay because soon
it would be dark and cold. We decided to make something like a big tent: we had rafts with a lot of rags
and a rather long rope. We found 3 trees standing in a "triangle", put "mattresses" inside, stretched the rope
between them at a height of about 2 meters, hung rags on the sides, making a semblance of walls, and put that
very large piece on top. We tried to make the "ceiling" 3 times, but we couldn't succeed, when suddenly we heard:
- Do you need help?
It was Alexey and Alexey, they said they were not so far and found each other earlier, and then they heard our
conversations and were nowhere. It wasn't that hard to finish the tent, and now we headed to the shore.
To my surprise Mark and Anna managed to make a fire, I asked them about it, and Mark answered me:
"Just have to think about it a little", and afterward he and Anna smiled maliciously.
We gathered around the fire to get warm and discuss what to do next. Looking at each other, everyone was
in torn things and bloodied, some more, some less. Firstly treated the wounds, then made 3 groups
(Alexey and Alexey, Mark and Anna, Me and Vadim), we decided that 1 group had to stay in the camp and
keep the fire and 2 others had to go and find other people, so we followed this plan. We assumed that if
the main part of the plane lied next to us, then the probability that there were people further along the
river is small enough, but it was necessary to check, so our group went that way. After 1 hour of screaming
and following the river we heard some sort of voice from the side of the forest, it was Semyon. It was beginning
to get dark, so we decided to go to the camp and when we got there it was evening, so it was hard to recognize
something or someone in the dark. Another group also returned with fullness. Now there were 9 of us: Me, Mark,
Anna, Vadim, Alexey, Alexey, Semyon, Elena, and Michael. We decided that leaving friends in the forest at night is
not a good idea, so we need to find them, but how to walk in the forest at night, when it's nothing possible to see?
Elena suggested making torches from sticks, rags, and fuel from the plane. We broke the branches, collected some sticks
to make the fire brighter, wound rags on thick branches, then poured fuel on them and set them on fire with
a group of 5 people, we went to wander along the forest. As soon as we retreated 500 meters, we decided to split up to
bypass a large area faster. (maybe it was a mistake). When you can hear the noises, you know who comes from, it's not
scary at all, but then the darkness absorbs sounds familiar to you and leaves you alone with the wild nature, you begin
to understand how a person is pitiful and helpless in front of such an existence. With every step it got darker
and darker, then suddenly I understood: I was lost… again…

But I still had a torch, so animals, if they were there, wouldn't come to me, so I tried to find my footprints,
I managed, so I decided, that will go straight, but in the opposite direction from them, to return to the camp.
I had been wandering for 2 hours maybe, maybe more, I knew that soon will be sunrise, my torch had already faded away,
but it didn't bother me anymore. But then I felt that feeling, like before, like something, is watching you. To say
that I was scared means to say nothing. I felt like a complete idiot, destined to die soon… Then I heard some sound.
"That's it! That's how you die, alone, in darkness, in some forest, this is the end" - that came to my mind, It seemed
like time had stopped, the brain began to think about options for retreat. I started swinging the extinct torch in
different directions, thinking that it would help, but the sound was approaching,
it was already really close, right behind me.

Shaking, I slowly turned around and saw Denis, I calmed down instantly. We returned to the camp, everyone
was already there. Lena helped people treat their wounds, her medical education helped all of us. After such a
crazy night we ate and rested a little, it's great that there was some food on the plane.

We knew that they were looking for us, we spoke with the dispatcher before the fall, and the radars must somehow
fix the place of the fall, so now we just had to wait. We thought that we had nothing to worry about, well, the first
couple of days it wasn't that hard, but then doubts take over, what if they wouldn't find us,
or they even didn't try, and we just stay here, the tension started to increase every hour.
We have to do something on our own, but what exactly?
We were running out of food, and we needed to somehow take care of its stock. The plane's skin was badly damaged, so
in some places there were large and sharp pieces: they were perfect for making knives. Now we could sharpen branches to
make some sort of spear. We tried to hunt, but due to lack of experience, we did not succeed, we could find nothing,
there was a feeling that we were the only living beings in this place. So someone suggested to make traps, made of
wires, which were abundant in the cockpit. It worked, and now we could hunt while doing other things.

The days were passing by, the days got shorter and the nights were longer and colder. We didn't know if someone looked
for us or not, so we wanted to do something like radio or receiver of equipment on the board, luckily we knew
how to do it. We formed 2 groups: one was responsible for the radio, the second - for food.

On the sixth day we went to check the loops, and on the way we found a mushroom glade. It was just a miracle,
but none of us knew which ones are edible, so we returned and asked people whether anyone knew the difference
between edible mushrooms and poisonous ones.  It turned out that Lena was well versed in them, because she used to
constantly collect 'em. There were much more mushrooms in the vicinity of this glade than on it itself, so we
gradually went further and further from the camp.

We found wheel tracks, the fresh ones, only big car could leave them, but where it is? We didn't hear any sound,
but he had to. We had too many questions left, but not answers. We tried to follow the track, we started to suspect
something strange, till we found just piles of other aircraft, the same company as ours "Deacru".
"What's happening here?" the only question stuck inside our minds. Back in camp, we told everything to the guys.
We came up with a plan: we had to split up into groups, explore and observe, in order to capture as much of this
strange situation as possible. We decided that it would be better to go in the evening, because that way there would
be less chance to notice us, we packed the necessary things and went there. The place looked like some kind of
airfield: a huge burnt field. Soon some car appeared, it was shining strongly with its headings in our direction,
so we had to lie down, right on the ground. We saw in this territory some kind of large depression, more like a ravine
than a hole, there we found luke. When we got inside, we didn't believe our eyes. It was a special room, underground.
Looked like this was an underground base. After wandering there we were able to find a way out and escaped.
We found one village, nearby that place and called the police. That's how that story ends, we don't know what
happened to us, but we are all still alive and this is the main point.